<h1>The Machine</h1>

Welcome to THe Machine! This website was built as the Final Project for The Odin Project's Ruby on Rails curriculum! The basice premise behind this website was to make a lightweight Facebook Clone, and the overall styling is not representative of current Facebook styling. I deleted my account years ago and am not familiar with what the site as a whole looks like at the moment. However! All the base functionality is present in this clone!

Users can first and foremost make a user profile, which is authenticated via Devise, and upon creation of that profile a Dashboard is also created and associated with that user. Once inside the site, users can make either text or image posts - Posts are displayed both on a user's individual page, along with a feed of the current user's posts plus the posts of all their friends (in order of newest first) - the latter being displayed on the user's Dashboard. Image hosting is provided through AWS.

Users can also like others' posts! Each displayed post on a user's feed has a Like button that, once clicked, increments the total likes for that post and de-activates the button so that a suer can't spam it and inflate likes. The commenting form currently takes the user to a separate landing page - in the future I'd like to make this an AJAX form and take away the need to render a different page.

The thing I'm most proud of with this project is the reciprocal friendships. Early on in this project I discovered a library that would build friendships *for* me, but I was determined to try and build it myself. After a few weeks of learning and a lot of trial & error, I succeeded! I was able to build the model associations such that a user can send friend requests and have that request show on the request receiver's profile. If accepted, a new friendship is built in the database and both user's posts are added to the other's feed. If denied, it updates a boolean column on that model and then stops that user from sending another request to the same person. 

I'm really proud of this app - it was quite a challenge and I learned a lot along the way. It was styled with SemanticUI, and dummy profiles had their information generated by the Faker gem. 
